Adds an option to enable sAMAccountname logins when upndomain is set (#29118)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/auth/ldap.mdx

  paged search control.
- `use_token_groups` `(bool: true)` - (Optional) Use the Active Directory tokenGroups
  constructed attribute of the user to find the group memberships.

> - `enable_samaccountname_login` `(bool: false)` - (Optional) If true, Active Directory
>   LDAP users can login using `sAMAccountName` in addition to the `userPrincipalName`
>   attribute value when `upndomain` is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enable_samaccountname_login` `(bool: false)` - (Optional) Lets Active Directory
  LDAP users log in using `sAMAccountName` or `userPrincipalName` when the
  `upndomain` parameter is set.
```
